Template update (#63)
sanger-tol/genomenote: docs/output.md

# sanger-tol/genomenote: Output

## Introduction

This document describes the output produced by the pipeline.

The directories listed below will be created in the results directory after the pipeline has finished. All paths are relative to the top-level results directory. The directories comply with Tree of Life's canonical directory structure.

## Pipeline overview

The pipeline is built using [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/) and processes data using the following steps:

- [Contact maps](#contact-maps) – Contact matrix created using HiC sequencing data
- [Genome statistics](#genome-statistics) – Collated assembly information, genome statistics and alignment quality information
- [MultiQC](#multiqc) - Aggregate report describing results from the whole pipeline
- [Pipeline information](#pipeline-information) - Report metrics generated during the workflow execution

### Contact maps

> This pipeline takes aligned HiC reads to create contact maps and chromosomal grid using Cooler for display on a [HiGlass server](https://genome-note-higlass.tol.sanger.ac.uk/app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pipeline takes aligned HiC reads to create contact maps and chromosomal grid using Cooler for display on a [HiGlass server](https://higlass.io/).
```
